  GenAI Product Development Documentation Template

1. Executive Summary
* Product Name:  IntelliTeach / DeepTeach
o Online Tutor Marketplace for STEM students
* Product Overview:
Target Audience: STEM career students, Tutors
Purpose: Multi-Tutor, Multi-Topic and Multi-Fidelity on-demand marketplace to serve online tutoring, personalized pedagogy, comprehensive GenAI educational report
* Objectives:
High-level goals the product aims to achieve (e.g., solve a specific problem, meet customer needs).
Objective-1
Hyper personalization of the pedagogy on the topics of interest in STEM, given the changing landscape of technology, would be of interest, for the following:
To solve the gaps in skill levels across STEM topics, 
Preparation for AP credits, 
College applications and 
Internships / international Olympiad certifications
Objective-2
Connect the tutors and STEM wards at a matching fidelity level (meaning at the appropriate depth of subject treatment as applicable to the specific student)
* Scope:
Overview of the scope of the product, including limitations and exclusions.
Scope would be limited to STEM to begin with. However, depending on the marketplace maturity other subjects can replace or get appended to the subject list.
Student, Tutor, AI Agent interaction network to be the backbone of the customization of the pedagogy


2. Product Vision and Strategy
* Vision Statement:
The long-term vision of the product.
Spawn dynamic micro-marketplaces using the IntelliTeach / DeepTeach platform and insert a eduverse specific to student aptitude and aspiration

Strategic Goals :
Key milestones and strategic goals to be achieved during development.
1. Tutor list, student list and student Agent interaction planned to find an appropriate match and discovery - Phase 1
2. STEM topics, complexity, summary, analysis, score reporting dashboards
3. Career guidance - Hyper-personalized pedagogy plan


Target Market :
Define your target customers or user base.
STEM Grade 9-12
Tutor ecosystem, curated (stakeholder)
* Value Proposition:
How does this product solve the users' problem or create value for them?
Admissions targets of STEM students
Career guidance and mentoring from a variety of experts
* Competitive Analysis:
Overview of competitors and what differentiates your product
1. Unmet needs of parents who want their wards to get cutting edge career guidance hyper-tuned for their ward specific interests
2. Market place and personalization combined for knowledge level dependent tutor



3. Requirements Gathering
* Functional Requirements:
Detailed description of the functionalities the product must have (e.g., features, user interactions).
PRD and product functionalities:
The broader platform consists of the following features and aspects
Tutors corner: Gives a comprehensive list of tutors, expertise, key words and sample videos
Students Corner: Students and their current requirement (by time period) are collected and stored for display and edits
Matching Panel: Student personalized tutor and topic list 
Personalized pedagogy plan: A personalized knowledge graph with weights would store the status of students and would be subjected to AI for a pedagogy plan preparation
           Career Stream workflow: Career milestones, assessments and directional adjustments would be recommended and a score would be provided for the proportion of career progress
             
* Non-Functional Requirements:
Requirements regarding performance, security, scalability, etc.
Cyber physical systems security standards, access and privileges.
Initial beta version planned for the order of 1000s of students, specific to the US market
Separate Login and access to students, teachers and privileges
GenAI reporting, smart quizzes and career briefs asynchronous and offline
* Concurrency plan is for separate logins
* 
* 
* 
* User Stories:

Define user personas and user stories that outline user expectations

1. Student expresses a vague interest and expects a full blown exposure with examples on career streams, if needed wants to indulge on a capstone project, completely handheld

2. Tutor, based on his expertise, predicts and bids for a student based on students' graphs and statistics

3. Match making Agent of the marketplace, prepares a mentor-protégé interaction plan and exposes the same to bring both the parties into convergence


4. .... More to come ...
